You're gonna create scene after Loki season 2, after Loki becomes God of Stories what happened (we will make a good ending as season 2 ended with Loki just being on throne). Camera angles will be such as someone is holding camera and is recording them,  and shots will be longer (so that we will get feeling that its continuation of season 2 (as its scenes were built like that), you can get more info what's style of LOKI SEASON 2 FROM WEB (how it's directed) . So video will start with small clip of Loki sitting at his throne (at center of time shown at ending of season 2, uploaded image) and is managing timelines (which he was doing at end of season 2 , holding timeline green glowing branches , reference image also I am sending so that you could remember), he looks a little frustrated and says "No this is enough !" ,  "This is so boring" (next clip, as if many time has passed and he isn't able to bear), "Ahhhh!" , Then  he takes deep breath and timeline branches turns more green (as he reset them too much from not going to led multiversal war, to get time to spend time in TVA), then he time slips to moment (past moment ) when he with his friends was trying to fix the Loom (Mobius, Sylvie, Victor Timely and O.B., and Casey [you know characters in series right and   how in series he slips in time right? that  animation? search all things in web for precision]), they looks at him and Loki looks tired, he sets on floor and Mobius says "Loki, You Okay?" Loki says "I need a minute, give me paper and pen", Victor Timely gives him paper and a pen which was in his bag (if possible from his time slipping to this moment it should be in one clip)), then he says "I'm going to eat some pie and till then you all read this", they all looks at him awkwardly and Mobius starts reading paper (then Voice of Loki reading script), you may need to go on web or other  to understand about series and make this clip in perfection , script he gave was : 
The Loom was only a failsafe.  
I controlled the slipping. There was no other way.  
I chose the burden — sat on the throne, reversed every branch that threatened war.  
But I can’t hold it forever.  
There has to be a better way.  
I’m eating pie. Read this. Help me find it.
— Loki 
(it doesn't matter what will you show while he will read this as I will edit this part to show recaps of series in good edit manner, then:), Victor Timely says "Maybe we can do something" (Victor usually speaks slowly, in that manner only he says that), then this scene ends and I will edit video to show part of series where Mobius asks to Sylvie where will she go , she says I don't know, our video will then continue (generate from: ) she comes through time door to Saint Mont Michael (shot at  little away from castle at grasslands, good weather, sheeps walking, I have uploaded image, her time door's and  her time door's position and she facing at east side far from camera), (when she will come through time door at that moment capture from far so that place will be visible), then she walks front and looks happy, tear drops from eye can be seen (not too long shot or not very clear, shot  a little away from her), BUT THEN AT THAT SAME far Spot (where saint mont Michael was visible, she facing east, loki at far behind is standing , holdinh hands at his pocket looking at her from behind), SCENE ENDS